Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
The Empire sent someone
to interrogate me about Maul.
I heard one of the troopers
call him an Inquisitor.
Jedi.
We need transport off-world.
Good luck with that.
There's heat on everyone right now.
- Dad! Dad!
- I'll be right behind you.
You're going out there
to save the girl from the Jedi hunter.
This is an opportunity.
And if she fails?
She need only prove her resilience.
She will find me her ally.
Is this what our future holds?
Always running. hiding.
Seems like a waste of our abilities.
It's your voice that speaks.
but it's Maul's words that I hear.
I can confirm
the presence of Maul.
He is in league with two Jedi.
How shall I proceed?
Attention.
the interim Imperial authority
has declared an overnight curfew.
effective immediately.
Public transportation
has been temporarily halted.
All non-military individuals are to
remain indoors under penalty of arrest.
Devon. where's he taking us?
Who is this guy? You trust him?
Don't trust anything he says. okay?
Maul is not our friend. He's a murderer.
Then why are we following him?
Because that Inquisitor won't stop
looking for us until we're dead.
Okay. But soon as it's safe.
we sneak away.
- We find my father and your master--
-  If I may.
We are being hunted.
It would be wise to follow me.
If you choose to continue on your own.
you do so at your peril.
Where are we going exactly?
I need to get back to my master
and get this boy to his father.
Boy? What?
Once we reach my camp.
you are free to do as you choose.
But you should know. I have a transport.
You have a ship?
Oh. yes. a ship
that can get you off-world.
Wait. you're not considering
his offer. are you?
Of course not.
Just keep quiet and stay close. okay?
Attention.
the interim Imperial authority
has declared an overnight curfew.
effective immediately.
Public transportation
has been temporarily halted.
All non-military...
Those patrols are moving towards
Sector Six through Eight.
If the kids are wise.
they'll head the other way. towards Ten.
- Let's hurry.
- This is not the time for haste.
The connection I share with Devon
will reunite us.
It may take a little time.
but rest assured.
she will protect Rylee until--
Rylee wouldn't be
in this situation if I had--
My friend. my friend.
you cannot let your regrets consume you.
We will find Devon and Rylee
before resuming our search
for a way off-world.
Your acquaintance. Rheena Sul.
has she made contact?
No. She's gone dark since the raid.
Then let's proceed to Sector Ten.
as you suggested.
You fought well.
An Inquisitor is a formidable opponent.
My master's teaching.
Who was your master?
You said he cast you aside.
His betrayal was devastating.
But it was not the deepest wound
he would inflict upon me.
Is he still alive?
Unfortunately.
He's back.
Maul.
Was worried.
Jedi.
Oh. look. lousy boy-o.
Good luck staying alive.
Sir. a transport
is en route to our sector.
Your presence is requested to brief the--
Oh. well. well. well. look who's back.
This way. Move it!
Reports of Imperial patrols and probes.
just a few levels up.
They're closing in.
The time has come.
We must leave immediately.
- They're not gonna let us leave. are they?
-  ...packing up as we speak.
What about them?
They must come with us.
The ship is fueled
- and ready to go.
- Follow me.
Our ship awaits.
They're getting away.
You said the choice was ours
and I'm not leaving without my master.
Do you truly believe that
you are ready to face the Empire alone?
My patience for your vacillations
wears thin.
Now. I am willing to help you achieve
the power to defeat your enemies.
but only if you come with me!
We're not gonna
take out the whole Empire.
No. Devon.
Leave this planet with me
and I will reveal my plan to do just that.
Rylee. it's time to go.
Devon? Hey. what are you doing to her?
Stop it!
Uh-oh. We've been spotted.
My Lord. they are coming.
Die. Imperial scum.
Surrender!
Move out! Now!
Freeze!
No!
Rylee!
News from a patrol in Sector Two-X.
They have engaged the fugitives.
Any luck?
Your supposition was correct.
This would be their only route.
I worked with one of
your kind before. years ago.
It never added up to me
what they said
about the Jedi being traitors.
Not from what I saw.
That means a great deal.
Thank you.
Devon.
Where's Rylee?
I'm sorry. Rylee was captured.
Captured? By who?
Stormtroopers.
I tried to stop the gunship
but it got away.
- Who else was with you?
- There's no time for this. Master.
We have to rescue Rylee.
I fear our presence
has made matters worse.
It is us the Empire wants.
Perhaps if we were to extricate ourselves.
they would find leniency with the Lawsons.
You want to abandon them
and leave Rylee to the Empire?
With or without you. I'm gonna get my son
and get as far away from here as possible.
I'll help you.
We'll start with police headquarters.
if you agree?
The Inquisitor will be coming.
Let's get to the ship.
Take only what's necessary.
The credits will slow you down.
What I do with my cut
is my business.
Leave them.
Whoa!
Oh. yeah.
Oh. I just bruised an inner organ.
I need to talk to Two-Boots.
2B0T.
- 2B0T. Is he here?
-  Wait here.
The lieutenant will be here shortly.
-  Rylee!
- Two-Boots.
I'm impressed you recognize me
without my boots?
Regrettably. there were not in compliance
with Imperial procedure.
But that is irrelevant right now.
Why are you here?
Why have they placed you in binders?
Return to your station. droid.
Lieutenant Blake. with respect.
this detainee is a close acquaintance.
I am aware.
Your close acquaintance
has been abetting Imperial fugitives.
Abetting?
Rylee Lawson. have you any idea
the magnitude of your actions?
Take him to holding for time being.
- Sir. protocol states we cannot...
- Droid. would you like your memory
to be wiped and reprogrammed?
Then return to your station now.
It's okay. I'll just do what they say.
Nearly all of our reserves
were lost back there.
The situation is untenable.
Even if we get out of this.
we'll be no better off than when we--
If you're not careful.
it will get worse for you.
Perhaps it is time that one is dealt with.
My Lord. since you claimed
the throne of Mandalore.
I have followed you without question.
But?
But some of the commandos...
There is a price for their loyalty
and that cost is rising.
This is a momentary obstacle.
Every move we make
is in accordance with a greater plan.
This apprentice...
I fear she's clouding your judgment.
You've seen her fight.
You know what she is capable of.
I also see her allegiance.
It's to her master.
Allegiances can be severed.
-  I agree.
- So remember that.
And without prosperity.
so can the bonds of mercenaries.
They've got patrols sweeping the area.
Checkpoints everywhere.
I'm afraid if your son is in there.
it will be no easy task to get him out.
Two-Boots?
-  Two-Boots?
-  Captain Lawson?
The Empire took Rylee.
I need to know where he is.
Hey. answer me!
What did they do to my son?
They're here.
Take this!
Push to the ship!
Wait up. big boy!
Quickly.
Bye-bye.
Ow! Ooh! Yikes! Close. Watch it. pal.
Oh. yes. yes. Let's get outta here.
My brother. cover me.
-  Move. move.
-  Let's go.
Let's make our move.
Hey. Whoa. whoa.
Where do you think you guys are going?
Hey. Wait! It's me! You know me!
Look who you forgot.
You gotta wait for me!
Do you know who I am? I'm a big deal.
Whoa!
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Open this thing.
Open! Who put you in charge?
Farewell. Lady Kast.
Kebris. you slime.
- Ow!
-  Surrender or die!
Brother!
We need to fall back.
There is no surrender for you.
The Emperor wants you... dead.
Likewise.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today